my flock this will not be the war of
heroes nations well slaughter each other
why are we get debates this is going to
be fun
you cannot keep me locked away as the
world burns
the truth is the world is ruled
by corruption and greed we must do
something
certainly
[Music]
we are the first independent
intelligence agency refined but brutal
civilized but merciless
welcome to the club Marisa it's time to
pour fuel
[Music]
but the fire of revolution yes I should
welcome Englishman or Rasputin your
reputation precedes you
[Music]
what sends this as gentlemen after all
-
because
why is it that boys are always so messy
[Music]
you